° Broadening educational, career, and economic opportunities for students not immediately
bound for four-year colleges through local partnerships among businesses, schools,
community organizations, and state and local governments;

. Signing the Goals 2000 Act, which supports the development of standards of excellence
for students and encourages grassroots reforms to improve our schools. More than 45
states and thousands of schools participate in Goals 2000 and have developed their own
strategic plans for educational improvement based on raising academic standards,
improving teaching, increasing parental involvement, and expanding the use of
technology in the classroom;

° Giving schools greater flexibility to use federal aid and develop effective teaching
innovations to help students achieve their full potential;

° Signing the Telecommunications Act of 1996 to help ensure that schools, libraries,
hospitals, and clinics have affordable access to advanced telecommunications services.
The Telecommunications Act is an important step toward connecting each child in every
classroom throughout America to the Information Superhighway -- opening up worlds of
knowledge and opportunities to all students;

° Proposing the Technology Learning Challenge to encourage communities to form local
partnerships between schools and private businesses to develop creative new ways to use
technology for learning. Federal funds leverage local resources -- each federal dollar is
matched by more than three dollars of local and private funds;

° Helping to end 30 years of uncertainty over school prayer and the religious rights of
students by directing Attorney General Reno and Secretary of Education Riley to prepare
guidelines outlining the many religious rights of students in our nation's public schools;

° Hosting two White House Conferences on Character Education and encouraging the
development of character education through the Improving America's Schools Act;

° Encouraging schools to consider school uniform policies to help reduce violence while
promoting discipline and respect; and

° Signing the Gun-Free Schools Act, which requires the immediate expulsion for one year
of any student who brings a gun to school. By fighting for full funding for the Safe and
Drug-Free Schools Act -- which includes measures to increase the security of our schools,
drug prevention programs, and training for teachers about dealing with violence --
President Clinton is making our schools safer for our children.

Building on Our Progress

President Clinton remains committed to improving education and has vowed to continue helping
parents invest in their children's future by:
