él

Rogan is anti-choice -- even in cases of rape or incest. In the last
legislative session, he voted against a bill to impose tough
penalties on radicals that blockade women’s health care clinics. And
he is leading efforts in the Assembly to make drastic cuts in family
planning assistance in the state budget.

€

I believe that Social Security and Medicare are sacred pacts between
our government and the American people that must be preserved.

According to press reports, Rogan supports the original Republican
plan to cut Medicare by $270 billion to pay for $245 billion in tax
cuts for the wealthy.

One things is clear: if Rogan is elected to Congress, he will be yet
another vote in support of Newt Gingrich and the House Republicans’
radical agenda to turn back the clock on decades of social progress.

I don’t want to live in a society in which vouchers, paddling and
creationism are considered school reform, women do not control their
own bodies, seniors are rationed health care, and one in every 24
people on the street -- and in the car next to you -- is packing a
gun. Do you?

This radical agenda won’t be stopped by making concessions or
compromises. They’1ll only be stopped by taking away their grip on
power. And that’s why this race is so important. If I am going to
win, I need your help.

Enclosed is a remit envelope -- please send the most generous
contribution you can. And thank you very much for your support -- now
and in the past. If you would like to discuss the campaign, please
call me at (818)584-1996. :

Warm Regards,

cw Ge

Doug Kahn

P.S. I’m also sending along a recent clip from the Glendale News-
Press. I hope you enjoy it.
