Cas weapons kill
cops. And they kill
kids. They turn fights
into funerals. Disagree-
ments into disaster.

Phil Hawkins coauthored
the NRA bill to legalize
concealed weapons (AB
638).

Moderates tried to soften
the bill by amending in
minimum safeguards.
Hawkins and the extrem-
ists shot them down.

NO REASONABLE
RESTRICTIONS
Hawkins helped kill
amendments to let local
police put reasonable
restrictions on concealed
weapon licenses.

THREATENING

KIDS AND COPS
Hawkins helped kill
amendments to ban
concealed weapons from
schools, police stations
and public parks.

UNSAFE STREETS
Hawkins helped kill
amendments to deny con-
cealed weapon permits for
convicted drunk drivers.

This year, Hawkins
helped the Assembly
approve this deadly bill.
Now he wants to go to the
Senate and finish the job.

Donâ€™t let Phil Hawkins
and the extremists legal-
ize thousands of deadly
little secrets.

On November 5, say no to Phil Hawkins.

The closer you look, the worse he gets.

In fact, they
tried to conceal
thousands of
deadly secrets
that look just
like this.

Sih
