PROPOSITIONS

Proposition 204 - A $995 million bond issue for
safe drinking water, increased water supplies
cleaning up pollution and protection of fish and
TT ey ae Nar acme a pu YES

Proposition 205 - $700 million in bonds for local
jails and juvenile detention facilities ........ YES

Proposition 206 - $400 million in bonds for Cal
Vet home and farm loans .............-- YES

Proposition 207 - Attorney fee restrictions
WEYL HEME PE ascii deeeoeaty No Recommendation

Proposition 208 - Allows wealthy corporate inter-
ests and their lobbyists to tighten their grip on
state and local government ............... NO

Proposition 209 - Ends Affirmative Action and all
other programs that ensure equal opportunity for
qualified women and minorities ........... NO

Propositions 210 - Raises the minimum wage to
$5.75 per hour. Hard work deserves a living wage.
Sponsored by the California Labor Federation ves
Proposition 214 - Punishes corporate executives

who rip off pension funds ............... YES

Proposition 212 - Bans corporate contributions
and tax breaks for corporate lobbying, with
tougher, pro-worker limits on special phie?

Proposition 213 - Protects insurance companies
from paying auto accident claims .......... NO

Proposition 214 - Protects our health care bene-
fits, keeps doctors and patients in control of
health care, not HMO executives .......... YES

Proposition 215 - Allows medical use of marijua-
na for victims of cancer, AIDS and other seriously
IDDAUBUSien aie ees ess. ce YES

Proposition 216 - Second HMO Initiative with
weaker patient protections and billions of dollars
. TN NOW: taxes, cues cet 2. ence eeyeeiig NO

Proposition 217 - Keeps upper income tax brack-
ets on richest 1% of California. Gives money to
schools and local communities ........... YE!

Proposition 218 - Weakens fire protections and
other vital public services. Overturns “one person,
one vote” rights for homeowners and renters ‘ai
